tikv: update CDC config (#5234)
pingcap/docs: tikv-configuration-file.md

+ Default value: `MIN(CPU * 0.75, 32)`.
+ Minimum value: `1`

> ## cdc <span class="version-mark">New in v4.0.5</span>

Reviewer: This version mark should be removed from master

Author: ```suggestion
## cdc
```

> Configuration items related to TiCDC capturing changed data.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Configuration items related to TiCDC.
```
TiCDC is short for `TiDB or TiKV change data capture`

### `min-ts-interval`

> + The interval that `resolved ts` is calculated and forwarded.

Author: ```suggestion
+ The interval at which Resolved TS is calculated and forwarded.
```

> + The interval at which timestamps are resolved.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
+ The interval at which resolved ts are calculated and forwarded.
```

> + Default value: `"1s"`

Reviewer: Is the quotation mark correct?

Author: I searched similar default values in this doc like `"xs"` and all are wrapped in "".

Reviewer 2: wrapped with `""` is correct, which means it is a string

> ### `old-value-cache-size` <span class="version-mark">New in v5.0</span>

Author: ```suggestion
### `old-value-cache-size`
```

+ The entry number of TiCDC old values cached in memory.
+ Default value: `1024`

> ### `incremental-scan-speed-limit` <span class="version-mark">New in v5.0</span>

Author: ```suggestion
### `incremental-scan-speed-limit`
```

+ The maximum speed at which historical data is incrementally scanned.

> + Default value: `"128MB"`, which means 128 MB per second.

Reviewer: ditto
